so I'm done with work and aside to come
home chillax a little and um Google
myself I guess well not really google
because I just YouTube myself but I
wanted to find my recent video so i can
look at the comments i was signed into
my other youtube name i just was too
lazy to log into this one anyway so well
i typed in Lana loves Mack and I ended
up watching everybody else's video that
has me tagged I've never done that
before and I think that was probably the
inspiration that I needed to make
another video but yeah um because it was
really nice you know I started watching
um there were a lot of videos and I was
like oh h 1 i'd watch one I go oh that's
nice another one I'm like oh thanks and
then I realized I have to say
thanks to all these people so um yeah
that sucks I'm just kidding I do
appreciate you know the nice things that
everyone has said to me and some of them
not nice things but uh so I want to do a
video to say thank you you guys for you
know talking about me and she was really
nice I think I said nice like seven
times in this video I'm tired okay I got
a lot of messages to you guys are asked
me you know how Vegas is or what I do in
Vegas um I could be that person and I
could say well if you want I don't
youtube page you'd know but I don't
really care how many people actually
watch my videos so I'm a Gwen Stefani
impersonator in Vegas so now understand
but back to so I'm really tired very
tired but back to what i'm doing this
video instead of doing a makeup
application I'm gonna do makeup removal
oh I turned around on you so this has
been used but I swear to you I've never
used this before and I probably must
have used it on my clients when i was
doing makeup don't member actually using
it on them either yeah so
don't bleach your hair it's really bad
for the brain um I'm going to be using
Mac's I lip gentle remover jumped gently
off eye and lip makeup remover for the
first time that I remember and you're
going to see my natural reaction and all
that stuff are we taking off the red
lipstick because will I'm not gonna be
wearing this in my own household I'm
kind of done so I know for sure it's
kind of got this oily mixture in it
that's what helps break down a lot of
the makeup so you guys shake it up I
know it sounds weird separated for a
reason right I'm usually just simple
cotton pads these little things you can
get them at walmart you could if you
really really wanted to get them at Mac
but why pay ten dollars or whatever
price they are for what you can get from
a dollar yes I think they carry these
not sure normally why I take off red
lipstick I just use a Mac wipe it tastes
kind of weird not like you're supposed
to lick your lips but it tastes kind of
weird but it gets it off because if
you've ever taken off red lipstick in
your life you'd know how very difficult
that is so let me take a little bit just
like you would do your nail polish right
and I'm gonna take this off and see how
this goes I just came right off amazing
I should sell this stuff wow this is
truly the I should have used this
more often ok cool well I strongly you
just see what I just did I just blotted
my lips and six icon wow you're a nerd
wanna hella leash it so I just taking me
like two minutes to do cool I the reason
why i blotted my lips because i wanted
to lick them for a quick second to see
what it tastes like i know it's really
weird but you know i'm sure you guys
want to know it is like makeup remover
so don't do it it's not cool I
hey so that's gone look at that and
there's no red well there is a little
bit it's just because the stain I
wouldn't worry buddy red lipstick all
day but there is practically no red
residue on my lips as you can see that's
really cool so say you're trying to like
go out you know with your friends I'm
not done yet yeah so dude use this stuff
I don't know how much it is now don't
even ask go to a mac store the website
um now you have this on it's pretty much
a plane base you can do whatever you
want I'm going to put a little bit of
powder back on I used to do fix I stick
it right back on my lips just in case
you do have that red residue um matter
keeps a residue stain Wow in case you do
have a red stain just uh put a little
bit of powder on it kind of neutralizes
everything makes it calmer eventually
your lips will fade away that redness is
just because you've been working on them
and your lips get all like I was gonna
say bloody I think that sounds really
gross but it's true the blood rushes to
anyway um and I'm just going to put in
the neutral look color if you do have
red on your lips that's sustained if you
use a neutral color it's gonna turn pink
so I will just order use I use them
spring bean it's a green luster glass
and it just kind of it calms it down a
little bit it's really cool i'm using
nordstrom soft edge lip gloss I really
like this color it smells like but it's
probably really old it actually is
really old but I don't have that
reaction to make up like some people can
so i use it anyway but if you have soft
edge it's one of the perfect ones you
can use right after red lipstick but
spring bean it's really really good to
use if you do a lot of Browns it's also
it's also good lie can be like a soft
brown liner just set these comment down
maybe something like stripped down it's
like a light brown if you're darker
skinned I would use
see you're gonna dang it that with the
hover there you go it's a look more like
a natural color I'm hoping anyway so try
that out this was just didn't take long
at all it's awesome what's taken long as
me rambling so I'm done and I'm red
lipstick free anyway thanks again you
guys for the lovely comments and videos
and all that stuff I really appreciate
it and I think you guys just inspired me
to do a lot more videos so I'm gonna do
a Gwen Stefani look when i have time to
do it in the morning i was going to do
today but i was rushing i was late for
work so um one day I will do it and you
guys will get a Gwen Stefani look her
normal look even though she has many and
then I'm gonna do one that was a request
I know did request now I know check me
out but this video that I'm doing answer
requests is gonna take me a while
because I need to figure out how I'm
gonna do it cuz the makeup that I do is
probably an hour long so I gotta figure
out how I'm gonna do it for a video
anyway thanks again and I will see you
guys later why don't really see you he
told me Oh goodbye